index.md, before:



**[GENERAL INFO](#GENERAL)**

**:: If you're a person who likes to have a book to guide you, here are my suggestions**
- [Lisbon](http://bit.ly/lonelyplanet-lisbon)
- [Sintra] - Haven't found a good book yet
- [Coimbra] - Haven't found a good book yet
- [Costa Vicentina] - Haven't found a good book yet
- [Gerês] - Haven't found a good book yet
- [Porto](http://bit.ly/lonelyplanet-porto)
- [If you love discovering places walking - this is a must do - plan in advance](http://bit.ly/pilgrims-guide-to-santiago)

**:: Some places you should consider visiting**

**NORTH**
- Peso da Régua | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMMZ5iGUYxk)
- Porto | [video](https://youtu.be/P170_f49pv4)

**CENTER**
- Serra da Estrela | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25Zo0kaLRMk)
- Coimbra | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8njLUyly6c)

**SOUTH**
- Tavira Island | [video](https://youtu.be/hKZvTlDkTxU)
- Lagos | [video](https://youtu.be/SkoWo8yzvZM)
- Benagil Cave | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEFsQVMlRBI)

---

**[About LISBON](#LISBON)**

**:: Pastries**
- [12 must-eat portuguese sweets](http://bit.ly/portuguese-pastries-sweets-convents-monasteries)
- [Extra: #13 - Croissants do Careca](https://goo.gl/maps/aCrooXrbyvS2)

**:: Viewpoints (Miradouros)**
- [30 viewpoints](http://bit.ly/30-miradouros-lisbon)  
- My favorites:
  - [1 - Nossa Senhora do Monte](http://bit.ly/miradour-nossa-senhora-monte) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/w43J1XZBjkN2)
  - [2 - Sophia de Mello Breyner Andresen aka Graça](http://bit.ly/miradouro-graca) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/11tEhy1DxMx) | *Amazing Sunset*
  - [3 - Castle (Do it if you really want to visit the Castle)](http://bit.ly/miradouros-castle-sao-jorge) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/8o5sxL28TMF2)
  - [4 - Portas do Sol](http://bit.ly/miradouro-portas-sol) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/nr5Fdf8heqz)
  - [5 - Santa Luzia](http://bit.ly/miradouro-santa-luzia) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/tdD6cY6Ee9q)
  
  **NOTE:** *Let's add a note here, until here, you were going down. In order to go to #6, you have go down, walk and go back up. Then to go to #7 you go down, then up again. If you're tired, skip #6 and go straight to #7*
  - [6 - Torel](http://bit.ly/miradouro-do-torel) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/Tr2aqvarjEB2)
  - [7 - Sao Pedro de Alcantara](http://bit.ly/miradouro-sao-pedro-alcantara) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/M44dzkGtwzK2)
  - [8 - Santa Justa Elevator](http://bit.ly/miradouro-santa-justa-elevator) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/rGWhCKQqMyA2)
  - [9 - Santa Catarina](http://bit.ly/miradouro-santa-catarina) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/Xitq8uFpwDy) | *Amazing Sunset*
  - I have these miradouros mapped in a google maps list [here](https://goo.gl/maps/1nG1r3MPtep) 
  
- My other favorites out of this walking tour:
  - [Panteão Nacional](http://bit.ly/miradouro-panteao) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/V4wHJMvxks92)
  - [Mosteiro São Vicente de Fora](http://bit.ly/mosteiro-sao-vicente) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/hgzuCWqTpt22) 

**:: Where you can turn on your laptop and work or charge your phone**
- [Starbucks São Sebastião](https://goo.gl/maps/tP1xS7fWxGP2) | metro: sao sebastião
- [Starbucks Rossio](https://goo.gl/maps/C8ed4fdCHCn) | metro: restauradores
- [Holmes Place Defensor de Chaves](https://goo.gl/maps/fve3ukJtApP2) (it's a gym, go up to find the cafe) | metro: saldanha
- [Montana Café](https://goo.gl/maps/uKg69gkPtmH2) | metro: cais do sodré | *great coffee*
- [A Gama do Vasco](https://goo.gl/maps/wfBQDkfB7zB2) | metro: picoas
- [Municial Library Palácio das Galveias](https://goo.gl/maps/DyKzQ4vsrJ92) | metro: campo pequeno | gorgeous place with a nice kiosk outside

**:: Museums**

The information I'm adding here is based on this [site](https://pumpkin.pt/eventos/museus-e-monumentos-gratuitos-no-primeiro-domingo-de-cada-mes/)
Every Sunday and Holiday, some museums are free from 10am to 2pm (for residents only). Other museums have their specific days when they are free to visit. Check the list on the website, so that you are careful not to plan your visit while locals are there (avoid queues).
You can check the Prices [here](http://www.patrimoniocultural.gov.pt/static/data/bilheteira/precario_bilheteira.jpg), under "Bilhete Normal"


**:: An overview of the city**
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE6TCoXtZ7Y

- **[0:00](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=0s)** Parque das Nações (metro: red line - Oriente)
- **[1:29](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=1m29s)** Praça do Comércio (metro: blue line - Terreiro do Paço)
- **[2:20](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=2m20s)** Rua Augusta (one of the main streets) (metro: blue line - Baixa Chiado)
- **[2:35](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=2m35s)** Castelo S. Jorge (must walk all the way up, you may go from Terreiro do Paço, visit Sé Cathedral and then the Castle)
- **[3:27](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=3m27s)** Torre Belém @ Belém (no metro, you must go by Bus, Train or Tram)
- **[4:23](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=4m23s)** Padrão dos descobrimentos @ Belém (same thing as Torre de Belém)
- **[4:39](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=4m39s)** Mosteiro dos Jerónimos @ Belém 
- **[5:09](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=5m09s)** CCB - Belém's Cultural Center
- **[7:17](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=7m17s)** Champaulimaud Center
- **[8:04](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=8m04s)** Cristo Rei (http://bit.ly/how-to-get-to-cristo-rei-from-lisbon)

**:: My favorite places to eat**

- [Bifanas](https://goo.gl/images/3dJoHA) - [Café Beira Gare](https://goo.gl/maps/S9A4zo3Y5zt) - Order one bifana, put mustard inside and eat it with a beer
- [Pasteis de bacalhau](https://goo.gl/images/oZ5abn) - 
- [Alheira](https://goo.gl/images/wHesf9) and other portuguese dishes - [Floresta da Estefânia](https://goo.gl/maps/EvQaD3BrNj12)
- Bio (Vegetarian) -  


**:: My favorite places for craft beer**

- [Musa](https://goo.gl/maps/GF2Rk7Hw8NG2) - This is in a very hispter zone with some nice restaurants around
- [Duque](https://goo.gl/maps/wEt7QYSdM382) - Tiny, cosy with great beer

**:: My favorite places for wine**

---

**[About SINTRA](#SINTRA)**

Note: I usually say to my couchsurfers, you have normal Sintra and advanced Sintra. If you're visiting for one day, I recommend normal, if more than one day, then press advanced.

**:: Normal Sintra**
- National Palace of Pena | [more details](https://www.parquesdesintra.pt/en/parks-and-monuments/park-and-national-palace-of-pena/) | buy ticket online
- Regaleira Palace and Estate | [more details](http://www.regaleira.pt/en/quinta-da-regaleira)
- Moorish Castle
- Monserrate Palace | [more details](https://www.parquesdesintra.pt/en/parks-and-monuments/park-and-palace-of-monserrate/) | buy ticket online
- Capuchos Convent | buy ticket online
- Eat the pastries

Note: [buy the tickets online and avoid queues](https://www.parquesdesintra.pt/en/commercial-area/ticket-office-2/)

**:: Advanced Sintra**
- Azenhas do Mar beach [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNzk8TKnOAE) | [photos](http://www.azenhasdomar.com/#/galeria)
- Cabo da Roca
- Magoito beach
- Adraga beach 
- Vigia beach
- Ursa beach (near cabo da roca)
- 

**:: Pastries**
- [Travesseiros de Sintra](https://goo.gl/maps/CUocfbnEM9H2)
- [Queijadas de Sintra](https://goo.gl/maps/tQko4mAnMHJ2)


---

**[DISCOUNTS](#DISCOUNTS)**
- [Discount on booking - for all users](http://bit.ly/booking-15e-offer)
- [Discount on airbnb - for new users](http://bit.ly/airbnb-new-users-offer)
- [Discount on electric scooters](http://bit.ly/Rent-a-scooter) - with code: **xmtcg** 

---

**[FAQ](#FAQ)**

**Q:** Should you / can you rent a bike in Lisbon?

**A:** Well, Lisbon is made of 7 hills, not very nice for biking, but you can rent bikes to ride along the river. I've never rented a bike, so I can't suggest you, but you can find many options when you [google it](http://bit.ly/google-rent-bikes-lisbon)
My suggestion to see Lisbon and not walking too much is [renting an electric scooter](http://bit.ly/Rent-a-scooter). It's especially good to visit the Castle area, where you have small streets. If you want to get 30 free minutes, just register using this code: **xmtcg** 

**Q:** Where can I leave my luggage (Lisbon)?
- [CP Train Stations](http://bit.ly/lisbon-luggage-lockers)

**A:** There is a whatsapp group you can join where there is a big community for the Lisbon couchsurfers, just follow the [link](http://bit.ly/lisbon-whatsapp-cs-group)

**Q:** Where can I find other couchsurfers?

**A:** There is a whatsapp group you can join where there is a big community for the Lisbon couchsurfers, just follow the [link](http://bit.ly/lisbon-whatsapp-cs-group)

Commit message:

Ecooltra
small update about how cool this is

index.md, after:



**[GENERAL INFO](#GENERAL)**

**:: If you're a person who likes to have a book to guide you, here are my suggestions**
- [Lisbon](http://bit.ly/lonelyplanet-lisbon)
- [Sintra] - Haven't found a good book yet
- [Coimbra] - Haven't found a good book yet
- [Costa Vicentina] - Haven't found a good book yet
- [Gerês] - Haven't found a good book yet
- [Porto](http://bit.ly/lonelyplanet-porto)
- [If you love discovering places walking - this is a must do - plan in advance](http://bit.ly/pilgrims-guide-to-santiago)

**:: Some places you should consider visiting**

**NORTH**
- Peso da Régua | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PMMZ5iGUYxk)
- Porto | [video](https://youtu.be/P170_f49pv4)

**CENTER**
- Serra da Estrela | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=25Zo0kaLRMk)
- Coimbra | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O8njLUyly6c)

**SOUTH**
- Tavira Island | [video](https://youtu.be/hKZvTlDkTxU)
- Lagos | [video](https://youtu.be/SkoWo8yzvZM)
- Benagil Cave | [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lEFsQVMlRBI)

---

**[About LISBON](#LISBON)**

**:: Pastries**
- [12 must-eat portuguese sweets](http://bit.ly/portuguese-pastries-sweets-convents-monasteries)
- [Extra: #13 - Croissants do Careca](https://goo.gl/maps/aCrooXrbyvS2)

**:: Viewpoints (Miradouros)**
- [30 viewpoints](http://bit.ly/30-miradouros-lisbon)  
- My favorites:
  - [1 - Nossa Senhora do Monte](http://bit.ly/miradour-nossa-senhora-monte) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/w43J1XZBjkN2)
  - [2 - Sophia de Mello Breyner Andresen aka Graça](http://bit.ly/miradouro-graca) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/11tEhy1DxMx) | *Amazing Sunset*
  - [3 - Castle (Do it if you really want to visit the Castle)](http://bit.ly/miradouros-castle-sao-jorge) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/8o5sxL28TMF2)
  - [4 - Portas do Sol](http://bit.ly/miradouro-portas-sol) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/nr5Fdf8heqz)
  - [5 - Santa Luzia](http://bit.ly/miradouro-santa-luzia) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/tdD6cY6Ee9q)
  
  **NOTE:** *Let's add a note here, until here, you were going down. In order to go to #6, you have go down, walk and go back up. Then to go to #7 you go down, then up again. If you're tired, skip #6 and go straight to #7*
  - [6 - Torel](http://bit.ly/miradouro-do-torel) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/Tr2aqvarjEB2)
  - [7 - Sao Pedro de Alcantara](http://bit.ly/miradouro-sao-pedro-alcantara) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/M44dzkGtwzK2)
  - [8 - Santa Justa Elevator](http://bit.ly/miradouro-santa-justa-elevator) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/rGWhCKQqMyA2)
  - [9 - Santa Catarina](http://bit.ly/miradouro-santa-catarina) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/Xitq8uFpwDy) | *Amazing Sunset*
  - I have these miradouros mapped in a google maps list [here](https://goo.gl/maps/1nG1r3MPtep) 
  
- My other favorites out of this walking tour:
  - [Panteão Nacional](http://bit.ly/miradouro-panteao) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/V4wHJMvxks92)
  - [Mosteiro São Vicente de Fora](http://bit.ly/mosteiro-sao-vicente) | [Location](https://goo.gl/maps/hgzuCWqTpt22) 

**:: Where you can turn on your laptop and work or charge your phone**
- [Starbucks São Sebastião](https://goo.gl/maps/tP1xS7fWxGP2) | metro: sao sebastião
- [Starbucks Rossio](https://goo.gl/maps/C8ed4fdCHCn) | metro: restauradores
- [Holmes Place Defensor de Chaves](https://goo.gl/maps/fve3ukJtApP2) (it's a gym, go up to find the cafe) | metro: saldanha
- [Montana Café](https://goo.gl/maps/uKg69gkPtmH2) | metro: cais do sodré | *great coffee*
- [A Gama do Vasco](https://goo.gl/maps/wfBQDkfB7zB2) | metro: picoas
- [Municial Library Palácio das Galveias](https://goo.gl/maps/DyKzQ4vsrJ92) | metro: campo pequeno | gorgeous place with a nice kiosk outside

**:: Museums**

The information I'm adding here is based on this [site](https://pumpkin.pt/eventos/museus-e-monumentos-gratuitos-no-primeiro-domingo-de-cada-mes/)
Every Sunday and Holiday, some museums are free from 10am to 2pm (for residents only). Other museums have their specific days when they are free to visit. Check the list on the website, so that you are careful not to plan your visit while locals are there (avoid queues).
You can check the Prices [here](http://www.patrimoniocultural.gov.pt/static/data/bilheteira/precario_bilheteira.jpg), under "Bilhete Normal"


**:: An overview of the city**
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uE6TCoXtZ7Y

- **[0:00](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=0s)** Parque das Nações (metro: red line - Oriente)
- **[1:29](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=1m29s)** Praça do Comércio (metro: blue line - Terreiro do Paço)
- **[2:20](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=2m20s)** Rua Augusta (one of the main streets) (metro: blue line - Baixa Chiado)
- **[2:35](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=2m35s)** Castelo S. Jorge (must walk all the way up, you may go from Terreiro do Paço, visit Sé Cathedral and then the Castle)
- **[3:27](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=3m27s)** Torre Belém @ Belém (no metro, you must go by Bus, Train or Tram)
- **[4:23](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=4m23s)** Padrão dos descobrimentos @ Belém (same thing as Torre de Belém)
- **[4:39](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=4m39s)** Mosteiro dos Jerónimos @ Belém 
- **[5:09](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=5m09s)** CCB - Belém's Cultural Center
- **[7:17](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=7m17s)** Champaulimaud Center
- **[8:04](https://youtu.be/uE6TCoXtZ7Y?t=8m04s)** Cristo Rei (http://bit.ly/how-to-get-to-cristo-rei-from-lisbon)

**:: My favorite places to eat**

- [Bifanas](https://goo.gl/images/3dJoHA) - [Café Beira Gare](https://goo.gl/maps/S9A4zo3Y5zt) - Order one bifana, put mustard inside and eat it with a beer
- [Pasteis de bacalhau](https://goo.gl/images/oZ5abn) - 
- [Alheira](https://goo.gl/images/wHesf9) and other portuguese dishes - [Floresta da Estefânia](https://goo.gl/maps/EvQaD3BrNj12)
- Bio (Vegetarian) -  


**:: My favorite places for craft beer**

- [Musa](https://goo.gl/maps/GF2Rk7Hw8NG2) - This is in a very hispter zone with some nice restaurants around
- [Duque](https://goo.gl/maps/wEt7QYSdM382) - Tiny, cosy with great beer

**:: My favorite places for wine**

---

**[About SINTRA](#SINTRA)**

Note: I usually say to my couchsurfers, you have normal Sintra and advanced Sintra. If you're visiting for one day, I recommend normal, if more than one day, then press advanced.

**:: Normal Sintra**
- National Palace of Pena | [more details](https://www.parquesdesintra.pt/en/parks-and-monuments/park-and-national-palace-of-pena/) | buy ticket online
- Regaleira Palace and Estate | [more details](http://www.regaleira.pt/en/quinta-da-regaleira)
- Moorish Castle
- Monserrate Palace | [more details](https://www.parquesdesintra.pt/en/parks-and-monuments/park-and-palace-of-monserrate/) | buy ticket online
- Capuchos Convent | buy ticket online
- Eat the pastries

Note: [buy the tickets online and avoid queues](https://www.parquesdesintra.pt/en/commercial-area/ticket-office-2/)

**:: Advanced Sintra**
- Azenhas do Mar beach [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PNzk8TKnOAE) | [photos](http://www.azenhasdomar.com/#/galeria)
- Cabo da Roca
- Magoito beach
- Adraga beach 
- Vigia beach
- Ursa beach (near cabo da roca)
- 

**:: Pastries**
- [Travesseiros de Sintra](https://goo.gl/maps/CUocfbnEM9H2)
- [Queijadas de Sintra](https://goo.gl/maps/tQko4mAnMHJ2)


---

**[DISCOUNTS](#DISCOUNTS)**
- [Discount on booking - for all users](http://bit.ly/booking-15e-offer)
- [Discount on airbnb - for new users](http://bit.ly/airbnb-new-users-offer)
- [Discount on electric scooters](http://bit.ly/Rent-a-scooter) - with code: **xmtcg**  | this is one of the best and funniest ways to visit the neighborhood around the castle. Just make sure you have phone charged and a data plan.

---

**[FAQ](#FAQ)**

**Q:** Should you / can you rent a bike in Lisbon?

**A:** Well, Lisbon is made of 7 hills, not very nice for biking, but you can rent bikes to ride along the river. I've never rented a bike, so I can't suggest you, but you can find many options when you [google it](http://bit.ly/google-rent-bikes-lisbon)
My suggestion to see Lisbon and not walking too much is [renting an electric scooter](http://bit.ly/Rent-a-scooter). It's especially good to visit the Castle area, where you have small streets. If you want to get 30 free minutes, just register using this code: **xmtcg** 

**Q:** Where can I leave my luggage (Lisbon)?
- [CP Train Stations](http://bit.ly/lisbon-luggage-lockers)

**A:** There is a whatsapp group you can join where there is a big community for the Lisbon couchsurfers, just follow the [link](http://bit.ly/lisbon-whatsapp-cs-group)

**Q:** Where can I find other couchsurfers?

**A:** There is a whatsapp group you can join where there is a big community for the Lisbon couchsurfers, just follow the [link](http://bit.ly/lisbon-whatsapp-cs-group)
